[uxrce_dds_client] add environment variables for simulation (#2526)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/middleware/uxrce_dds.md

```
Options `-p` or `-h` are used to bypass `UXRCE_DDS_PRT` and `UXRCE_DDS_AG_IP`.

> #### Starting the client in simulation

Reviewer: We use all letter capitalized headings. Sometimes I think the wrong choice, but we're stuck with it now.

```suggestion
#### Starting the Client in Simulation
```

The simulator [startup logic](../concept/system_startup.md) ([init.d-posix/rcS](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/blob/main/ROMFS/px4fmu_common/init.d-posix/rcS)) uses the client startup commands for single and [multi vehicle simulations](../ros/ros2_multi_vehicle.md), enabling the setting of appropriate instance ids and DDS namespaces.
By default the client is started on localhost UDP port `8888` with no additional namespace.

> Specific environment variables are available to adjust the client behavior, they replace some of the client [parameters](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#uxrce-dds-client) and allows users to create custom startup files for their simulations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables are provided that override some [UXRCE-DDS parameters](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#uxrce-dds-client).
These allow users to create custom startup files for their simulations:
```
